Add release notes and highlights for 2.7.0 (#6566)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/release-notes/highlights-2.7.0.asciidoc

[[release-highlights-2.7.0]]
== 2.7.0 release highlights

[float]
[id="{p}-270-new-and-notable"]
=== New and notable

New and notable changes in version 2.7.0 of {n}. Check <<release-notes-2.7.0>> for the full list of changes.

[float]
[id="{p}-270-beats-external-ref"]
=== ECK Beats to Elastic Cloud

With the improvements made in this and multiple previous releases, ECK-managed Beats can connect to non-ECK-managed Elastisearch,
such as a monitoring Elasticsearch cluster hosted on Elastic Cloud.

[float]
[id="{p}-270-eck-es-helm-chart"]
=== ECK Elasticsearch Helm chart

> The eck-elasticsearch Helm chart is now iso functional with what is possible when a raw k8s manifest is used and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The eck-elasticsearch Helm chart exposes now all functionality that is available through the ECK Elasticsearch manifest and
```

[[release-highlights-2.7.0]]
== 2.7.0 release highlights

[float]
[id="{p}-270-new-and-notable"]
=== New and notable

> New and notable changes in version 2.7.0 of {n}. Check <<release-notes-2.7.0>> for the full list of changes.

Reviewer: Should we have at least one meaning full sentence (or leave out release hightligths altogether). Something along the lines of this is a maintenance release see the release notes for full list of changes.

Author: Yes, I highlighted 2 changes in [20944b5](https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s/pull/6566/commits/20944b504ec84aa5b75a7170364d4234723f71a1).
